# Backup Stock Tradeing Game
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/nNOkCNWk4TY>
#### Description:

This project is based off the finance assignment in week 9. This project was mainly created to sooth my frustration of the inefficiency of the error messages and the constant irritation of not knowing what stocks were held while making transactions. Although for the project my application is not visually pleasing, I believe that it functions well to its purpose.
This is a web-based application using JavaScript, Python, and SQLITE. Just like the finance assignment you can buy and sell stocks. The unique part of the application is that you can see the leader bord as well as their transaction history. This application was created to help people have fun and build experience in trading stocks without the use of real money. It is basically a game with a set starting currency of $10,000.  The objective would be to research and purchase stocks with the mind set of making the most profit. It is also a place where you can test out purchasing strategies such as Day Trading, Position Trading, Swing Trading, or Scalping. This way you can see how well each of those trading strategies plan out for when you decide to buy stocks.
While implementing the changes to the web application some of the issues that came up were trying to convey information between two separate pages, and keeping the new total balance updated for the leader board. I also initially implemented a trigger for my SQLite however, it was scrapped due to it not being practical. The trigger would wipe all information on the server every year but, I couldn’t figure out how to create an exception for people who did not wish for their information to be deleted. I tried creating a new table in the data base for those who chose the option to keep their information from deletion however, that caused problems when I wanted to access their information with the existing code.
My initial project was a bookmarking chrome extension. I learned to navigate manifest.jason files and create a base frame for a chrome extension. However, I couldn’t figure out how to use the built in chrome functions such as chrome.bookmark.search and many others. The manifest version 3 limits the use of JavaScript and I couldn’t find materials on how to use the new chrome functions quickly. My best outcome for this project was to finish my chrome extension however, I ended up with my backup project due to time constraints. I will be finishing this application eventually and if this is being read before the completion of that application, I like to plea my case for viability of this being qualified for being a worth project. Although these applications frames were provided by the class for the purpose of this project, I am allowed to work with someone, and it just so happens that my partner was cs50s provided template. This application shows python and JavaScript applications not learned in class. I also needed to do extensive research on trigger applications and developing chrome web extensions.
